plots and metrics: update new targets rules (#1809)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/metrics/show.md

> This kind of metrics can be defined with the `-m` (`--metrics`) and `-M`
> (`--metrics-no-cache`) options of `dvc run`.

> If `targets` are provided, it will show those specific files instead, even if
> they are not marked as `metric` type in `dvc.yaml`. With the `-a` or `-T`
> options, this command shows the different metrics values across all Git branches
> or tags, respectively. With the `-R` option, some of the target can even be
> directories, so that DVC recursively shows all metric files inside.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `targets` are provided, it will show those specific files instead (supports
any valid metrics, even when not found as `metrics` in `dvc.yaml`). With the
`-a` or `-T` options, this command shows the different metrics values across all
Git branches or tags, respectively. With the `-R` option, some of the target can
even be directories, so that DVC recursively shows all metric files inside.
```
